He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
Waffles are always better with
out fire ants and fleas.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.